#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
ariadne==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
docker==7.1.0
    # via testcontainers
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
faker==37.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
geoalchemy2==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ariadne
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   respx
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest==8.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   testcontainers
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   docker
respx==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.2
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geoalchemy2
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ariadne
    #   fastapi
testcontainers[postgresql]==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.2.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   ariadne
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   testcontainers
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   testcontainers
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via testcontainers
